please don't dive annually this is the
elevator of the Colby middle school
holy Wisconsin this is an only left not
sure what company what's here I'm not
sure for a lot to use this but I don't
really care
how's the hard part shutting the door
jeez
Oh someone's here except the door for me
yeah this we're going up
they might be running upstairs to come
and what are they doing it the beat will
don't let me sit with the door we got
some nice lasagna let's take a look at
this cache let's get a good cab view
there is not much it's just a forklift
or platform or whatever you call it it's
it is a screw driven hi we really
thought this is a hydraulic but it's
maybe I don't like I'm not sure well
alright let's take one more I'm on it
and my battery is dying my battery is
starting to die those people down there
don't worry
and let's get one work oh no what I'm
getting busted I mean I am surrounded by
high schoolers I gotta get out of here I
gotta get out of here I am surrounded I
didn't oh sorry then I just get busted
you know I'm Buffy Clayman elevator
photographer I'm sorry if I was not
allowed to be in there
okay have a good day sir I just got
busted that was not funny